org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/SolutionTeleop.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.SolutionTeleop
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/HardwareCoppy.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.HardwareCoppy
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/PokemonTheAnime.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.PokemonTheAnime
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CancerTeleop2.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CancerTeleop2
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Hardware.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Hardware
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/MeasureTheDriveThenDoTheDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.MeasureTheDriveThenDoTheDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/F0.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.F0
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/BroccoliTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.BroccoliTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/BroccoliTeleop.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.BroccoliTeleop
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/FTCLib_weirdDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.FTCLib_weirdDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/FTCLib_test_hardware.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.FTCLib_test_hardware
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Robot.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Robot
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/mecanum.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.mecanum
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CancerTeleop.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CancerTeleop
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/PokemonTelemetry.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.PokemonTelemetry
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/BuildConfig.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.BuildConfig
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/LibPID.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.LibPID
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/F0teleop.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.F0teleop
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/gyroMWC.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.gyroMWC
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/straight.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.straight
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/gyroSWC.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.gyroSWC
